README.md, before:

# Bing Rewards Automation
An awesome python script to automate bing searches, quizes, polls, and more across multiple Bing Reward accounts.

## Features

- Multiple Bing Rewards Accounts
- PC & Mobile Search Automation
- Bing Quiz, Poll, and Explore Automation
- Quests / Punchcard Automation (needs improvement)
- 'More Activities' Automation
- Proxy Support
- Locked Account Handling
- Apprise Alerts
- Streak Notifications

## Installation
The bot can be run using Python or Docker.
### Python Script
1. Clone this repository, cd into it, and install dependancies:
```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sazncode/BingRewards.git
   cd Bing-Rewards
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
2. Configure your `.env` file (See below and example for options)
3. Run the script:
```sh
   python main.py
```

### Docker Container
View on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/nelsondane/bing-rewards)
1. Download and install Docker on your system
2. Configure your `.env` file (See below and example for options)
3. To start the bot using our prebuilt images:
 ```sh
   docker run -it --env-file ./.env --restart unless-stopped --name bing-rewards nelsondane/bing-rewards:<tag>
   ```
   To build the image yourself, cd into the repository and run:
   ```sh
   docker build -t bing-rewards .
   ```
   Then start the bot with:
   ```sh
   docker run -it --env-file ./.env --restart unless-stopped --name bing-rewards bing-rewards
   ```
   Both methods will create a new container called `bing-rewards`. Make sure you have the correct path to your `.env` file you created.

4. Let the bot log in and begin working. DO NOT PRESS `CTRL-c`. This will kill the container and the bot. To exit the logs view, press `CTRL-p` then `CTRL-q`. This will exit the logs view but let the bot keep running.

### Available Docker Hub Tags
Replace the `<tag>` above with one of these (defaults to `latest`)
- `latest`: latest stable release on [Sazn's GitHub](https://github.com/sazncode/Bing-Rewards)
- `beta`: latest beta release on [NelsonDane's GitHub](https://github.com/NelsonDane/Bing-Rewards)

## Environment Variables:

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file. 

`LOGIN` = A string of Bing Rewards login information. Email and Password are seperated using a colon and accounts are seperated using commas. Check `.env.example` for how an example.

`URL` = Sign in link obtained through https://bing.com/

### Optional .env Variables:

`HANDLE_DRIVER` = Boolean (True/False) variable based on whether a user wants webdriver to be installed for them. Defaultly set to False.

`APPRISE_ALERTS` = Notifications and Alerts. See .env example for more details

`WANTED_IPV4` = Your desired external IPV4 address. Set this if you want the bot to not run if your IPv4 address is different than this.

`WANTED_IPV6` = Your desired external IPv6 address. Set this if you want the bot to not run if your IPv6 address is different than this.

`PROXY` = Configure a HTTP(S) or SOCKS5 proxy through which all of the bot's traffic will go. Should be in a URI format (e.g., https://1.2.3.4:5678)

`TZ` = Your desired Time-Zone. Defaults to America/New York

`TIMER` = True or False. Whether you wish for the program to only run between certain time period.

`START_TIME` = 24 hour format hour you would like to start the program, if timer is enabled. Defaults to 4, 4 AM

`END_TIME` = 24 hour format hour you would like to start the program, if timer is enabled. Defaults to 23, 11 PM

## Earning Potential:

Conservatively calculating potential points/earnings per month using this bot w/ a lvl 2 account:

PC Searches: (150 * 30) = 4500

Mobile Searches: (100 * 30) = 3000

Edge Bonus: (20*30) = 600

Daily Sets: (30*30) = 900


This adds up to 9000 points, conservatively (not accounting for streak bonuses or more activities which usually net very high, random amount of points), which ends up being a minimum of $6.92/per month per account on level 2. $34.61/ per month with an instance of 5 level 2 reward accounts.

## Notes:

- This bot uses the new $1.00 = 1300 points conversion rate. Older Bing Reward accounts may have the old conversion rate of $1.00 = 1050 points.

Commit message:

Adding bot_name in env section

README.md, after:

# Bing Rewards Automation
An awesome python script to automate bing searches, quizes, polls, and more across multiple Bing Reward accounts.

## Features

- Multiple Bing Rewards Accounts
- PC & Mobile Search Automation
- Bing Quiz, Poll, and Explore Automation
- Quests / Punchcard Automation (needs improvement)
- 'More Activities' Automation
- Proxy Support
- Locked Account Handling
- Apprise Alerts
- Streak Notifications

## Installation
The bot can be run using Python or Docker.
### Python Script
1. Clone this repository, cd into it, and install dependancies:
```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sazncode/BingRewards.git
   cd Bing-Rewards
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
2. Configure your `.env` file (See below and example for options)
3. Run the script:
```sh
   python main.py
```

### Docker Container
View on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/nelsondane/bing-rewards)
1. Download and install Docker on your system
2. Configure your `.env` file (See below and example for options)
3. To start the bot using our prebuilt images:
 ```sh
   docker run -it --env-file ./.env --restart unless-stopped --name bing-rewards nelsondane/bing-rewards:<tag>
   ```
   To build the image yourself, cd into the repository and run:
   ```sh
   docker build -t bing-rewards .
   ```
   Then start the bot with:
   ```sh
   docker run -it --env-file ./.env --restart unless-stopped --name bing-rewards bing-rewards
   ```
   Both methods will create a new container called `bing-rewards`. Make sure you have the correct path to your `.env` file you created.

4. Let the bot log in and begin working. DO NOT PRESS `CTRL-c`. This will kill the container and the bot. To exit the logs view, press `CTRL-p` then `CTRL-q`. This will exit the logs view but let the bot keep running.

### Available Docker Hub Tags
Replace the `<tag>` above with one of these (defaults to `latest`)
- `latest`: latest stable release on [Sazn's GitHub](https://github.com/sazncode/Bing-Rewards)
- `beta`: latest beta release on [NelsonDane's GitHub](https://github.com/NelsonDane/Bing-Rewards)

## Environment Variables:

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file. 

`LOGIN` = A string of Bing Rewards login information. Email and Password are seperated using a colon and accounts are seperated using commas. Check `.env.example` for how an example.

`URL` = Sign in link obtained through https://bing.com/

### Optional .env Variables:

`HANDLE_DRIVER` = Boolean (True/False) variable based on whether a user wants webdriver to be installed for them. Defaultly set to False.

`APPRISE_ALERTS` = Notifications and Alerts. See .env example for more details

`WANTED_IPV4` = Your desired external IPV4 address. Set this if you want the bot to not run if your IPv4 address is different than this.

`WANTED_IPV6` = Your desired external IPv6 address. Set this if you want the bot to not run if your IPv6 address is different than this.

`PROXY` = Configure a HTTP(S) or SOCKS5 proxy through which all of the bot's traffic will go. Should be in a URI format (e.g., https://1.2.3.4:5678)

`bot_name` = Bot name, helpful for multiple instances of the bot running with proxy. 

`TZ` = Your desired Time-Zone. Defaults to America/New York

`TIMER` = True or False. Whether you wish for the program to only run between certain time period.

`START_TIME` = 24 hour format hour you would like to start the program, if timer is enabled. Defaults to 4, 4 AM

`END_TIME` = 24 hour format hour you would like to start the program, if timer is enabled. Defaults to 23, 11 PM

## Earning Potential:

Conservatively calculating potential points/earnings per month using this bot w/ a lvl 2 account:

PC Searches: (150 * 30) = 4500

Mobile Searches: (100 * 30) = 3000

Edge Bonus: (20*30) = 600

Daily Sets: (30*30) = 900


This adds up to 9000 points, conservatively (not accounting for streak bonuses or more activities which usually net very high, random amount of points), which ends up being a minimum of $6.92/per month per account on level 2. $34.61/ per month with an instance of 5 level 2 reward accounts.

## Notes:

- This bot uses the new $1.00 = 1300 points conversion rate. Older Bing Reward accounts may have the old conversion rate of $1.00 = 1050 points.
